This is release 0.7.0-beta3 of windrbd. Do not use on production machines.
It is distributed in order to get feedback from testers, please email
bug reports directly to johannes@johannesthoma.com

First of all, things that are known to be broken are:

	*) When network connection is lost (for example by unplugging
	   the cable), windrbd behaves not as expected.

	*) When the backing device reports an I/O error, windrbd behaves
	   not as expected.

	*) windrbd now expects the device parameter to be of the form:

		device "X:" minor y;

	   where X: is the drive letter for the windrbd device (the
	   windrbd device is the device you are dealing with, once
           the drbd resource is up). y is a minor number which must
	   be unique on the node, but can be anything. Please ignore
           the comment in the sample w0.res file about the "C"+minor
           magic.

	*) We are interrested in getting feedback about performance
           especially when resources are connected.

        *) For the windrbd device to be visible in Windows Explorer,
           one has to log out and log in again. We are working on
           a fix.

	*) Right now, flushing the backing device does not work
           as expected, so if you hard-power-off the node after
           a flush you currently may loose data. Again we are
	   working on a fix.

	*) Currently only NTFS is supported.

Here are restrictions we know of for the 1.0 release: please talk to
clients if those features are on their wishlist, maybe we can find
a way to implement them:

	*) Auto-promote is not supported.

	*) System Volume (C:) cannot be used for windrbd.

	*) No 32-Bit version is supported, only 64 bit.

	*) Windows 7 is minimum (no Vista, no XP)

	*) On installation (or upgrade) a system reboot is required.
		(this might be fixed before the 1.0 release)

We are testing on a VirtualBox VMs Linux (Ubuntu) / Windows 7 SP1
enviroment as well as a kvm Windows 7 SP1 / Windows 10 physical
machine setup. Currently we have tested only with 2-node setups,
we are interrested in > 2 nodes tests as well.

Currently, we don't have a strict time schedule for a 1.0 release,
please talk to Linbit later if you have questions about a release
date.

Please help windrbd development by testing features you think are
important and report defects (but we are also interrested in what
works for you already :-) ).

Thank you for participating in windrbd development.

- Johannes (johannes@johannesthoma.com)
